hello good people here that my tablet is
200 platform is a very Fiocruz tablet
good has 8 gigs of memory of the law 8
gb of internal memory
it is a good tablet the screen is capacitive
You did not have to stick your finger in the
The screen is very delicious to say.
to use or is too fast
it is a very very very fast tablet
powerful when you click and go
immediately
good if this tablet it already comes with
android 4.0 nor did I update until
all the updates I put some
Problems here to test
I found it very good screen watch
videos because the quality is very good
has hd and common quality an internet is
very good, but I'm going to try it here
show you a video here
here a clip for example I do not even know who
but you see that it's fast I'm going to take it out here
hd why me because internet is here
very slow of 1
I still have a wi-fi modem playing
still look you see the quality of this
bug
and hey, the internet is not good
very fast it goes very fast even
Internet logic that does not help, right?
even so it helps a lot the sound
It's also very good for you to have a
very good idea I'll put the
specifications you show here by
example a game that is very heavy right
you see that he does not of the law that neither leya
that he was lying right?
I took the kiss
I think I'll be in my show another one
example to me of text for example
shows a text a pdf book
the battery is low because it does not
I carried the incident but take a look
for you to see how nice reading is at
pdf nice thing else has to change it
Tokyo you can increase and decrease
screen according to your taste
011 a very good cnese and hope to be good
here because I 'm changing a little louis
else I wanna show
Are you how much the camera had?
very good
the camera a front time what is a
point 3 megapixel appears from behind is
than 2 megapixels or by explanations but
The cool thing about this camera is the following is that
She also makes whiter takes photo
panoramic right
or the photo is as soon as you see
in the photo is different from the others
that enforces owner is that picture
panoramic neither you what you see
she is much more fulfilled than the photo
very easy to take and is very
Good you at the beach and see the environment right?
So it looks cool, I showed the photo
common big daughter is not it good